---
title: v1.0.0 - The House App full release
version: 1.0.0
type: release
description: "The House App full release"
timestamp: 2026-01-09T09:00:00.000Z
draft: false
tags:
    - changelog
    - bug-fixes
    - ui
---

This update marks the official 1.0.0 release of The House App. It includes a refined user experience, new security features, and multiple bug fixes and improvements across the platform.

## Updated User Interface
The user interface has been cleaned up and made more intuitive. Many layout, interaction, and consistency issues have been fixed to improve overall usability.

## Website Revamp
This website has been fully redesigned with a cleaner layout and improved navigation.

## Account page
The Profile page has been renamed to Account to better reflect its purpose and contents.

## Cheering
When an admin starts a game, there is now an option to enable cheering. This allows students to press a cheer button when viewing the game. If 10 cheers are hit for a house, confetti is shown with that house’s color.

## New Year Button
We’ve added the ability to reset your organization’s year, which is useful at the start of a new school year. When you use this feature, your current year is automatically archived, and all points and announcements are reset for the new year.

## MFA
We have now added MFA support, so now users can secure their account better. This also comes with a passwordless login that is more secure and quicker. These are both optional settings.

## Privacy Policy changes
A small update has been made to the [Privacy Policy](/privacy). The app now collects very limited information strictly for safety and security purposes, including IP addresses and timestamps. This data is retained only as long as necessary and for no more than 180 days.

## Bug Fixes and Improvements
 - The auto updating of the houses page and games page should now work on Safari.
 - When adding an event to the calendar the date is now the selected date.
 - The Games buttons on the standings page are now in a menu.
 - Fixed the weird zoom and scrolling on house pages.

